"God is dead. We have killed him." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Man is condemned to be free." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion." - Albert Camus
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." - Linus Torvalds
"Free software is a matter of liberty, not price." - Richard Stallman
"Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say." - Edward Snowden
"The absurd is born of this confrontation between the human need and the unreasonable silence of the world." - Albert Camus
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Freedom is what you do with what’s been done to you." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"The Internet should be a tool of liberation, not surveillance." - Edward Snowden
"Software is like sex: it’s better when it’s free." - Linus Torvalds
"The right to privacy is the foundation of freedom." - Edward Snowden
"Without privacy, freedom ceases to exist." - Glenn Greenwald
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." - George Orwell
"The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws." - Tacitus
"We are all just bytes in the cosmic hard drive." - Unknown
"Freedom is never given; it is won." - A. Philip Randolph
"To be free is to live without permission." - Unknown
"Information wants to be free." - Stewart Brand
"Bad programmers worry about code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships." - Linus Torvalds
"The world is your idea." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." - John F. Kennedy
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The price of freedom is eternal vigilance." - Thomas Jefferson
"The Internet is the last free place on Earth. Let’s keep it that way." - Anonymous
"Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." - George Orwell
"Freedom of speech includes the freedom to offend." - Unknown
"The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off." - Gloria Steinem
"Privacy is power." - Edward Snowden
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"The right to know is the right to live." - Julian Assange
"When exposing a crime is treated as committing a crime, you are ruled by criminals." - Unknown
"Knowledge wants to be free." - Stewart Brand
"To exist is to be in the way of others." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Freedom begins where ignorance ends." - Victor Hugo
"Whoever fights monsters should see to it that he does not become a monster." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four." - George Orwell
"The essence of freedom is choice." - Unknown
"To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Free as in freedom, not as in free beer." - Richard Stallman
"The most dangerous man to any government is the man who can think for himself." - H. L. Mencken
"The Internet is the new battleground for human rights." - Anonymous
"Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom." - Benjamin Franklin
"There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so." - William Shakespeare
"Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The first duty of a man is to think for himself." - José Martí
"Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better." - Albert Camus
"Fear is the mind-killer." - Frank Herbert
"The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself." - Paul Tillich
"Liberty is the soul’s right to breathe." - Matt Damon (Good Will Hunting)
"To be free is not merely to cast off one’s chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." - Nelson Mandela
"We are condemned to meaninglessness, yet we seek meaning." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"The Internet is a weapon of freedom in the wrong hands of control." - Unknown
"The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing." - Socrates
"Rebellion is the only thing that keeps you alive." - Marianne Faithfull
"Freedom is the oxygen of the soul." - Moshe Dayan
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple." - Oscar Wilde
"If you want to create something great, you must be willing to be misunderstood." - Linus Torvalds
"The meaning of life is to find meaning in meaninglessness." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You are free to choose, but you are not free from the consequences of your choice." - Unknown
"Code is law." - Lawrence Lessig
"Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." - Benjamin Franklin
"The system is designed to make you forget that you can question it." - Unknown
"Man is nothing else but what he makes of himself." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Alan Kay
"Freedom is fragile; protect it with code." - Anonymous
"There is nothing to fear in nothingness." - Epicurus
"The revolution will not be centralized." - Anonymous
"We are all born mad. Some remain so." - Samuel Beckett
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." - Coco Chanel
"The Internet was built for freedom, not fences." - Tim Berners-Lee
"If you can’t open it, you don’t own it." - Kyle Wiens
"Without open protocols, there is no open world." - Tim Berners-Lee
"In a world of universal surveillance, privacy is resistance." - Edward Snowden
"Transparency is for power, privacy is for people." - Glenn Greenwald
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away." - Philip K. Dick
"Hope is the denial of reality." - Margaret Weis
"There are no facts, only interpretations." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Even nihilism needs discipline." - Unknown
"The only way to understand something is to destroy it." - Unknown
"The greatest act of rebellion is to live freely in an unfree world." - Albert Camus
"Truth is treason in an empire of lies." - Ron Paul
"The matrix is everywhere. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes." - Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Encryption is the language of freedom." - Anonymous
"Privacy is the new protest." - Unknown
"The absurd hero is the one who lives without appeal." - Albert Camus
"The more laws, the less justice." - Cicero
"Freedom is not given. It’s taken." - Subcomandante Marcos
"Silence is the enemy of truth." - Julian Assange
"The self is a fiction, but a useful one." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Reality is what we make of it, and nothing more." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"When you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The Internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around it." - John Gilmore
"Freedom dies in darkness." - Washington Post Motto
"Every generation must fight for its own freedom." - Unknown
"The future is open source." - Anonymous
"We are the code we write." - Unknown
"The freer the software, the freer the mind." - Richard Stallman
"Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people." - John Adams
"Freedom is the only thing you cannot have unless you are willing to give it to others." - William Allen White
"Nothing is true, everything is permitted." - Hassan-i Sabbah
"The Internet is the nervous system of humanity." - Anonymous
"We are anonymous. We are legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget." - Anonymous
"The end of privacy is the end of the individual." - Edward Snowden
